In this video we'll create grades with the MVC Controller.
Currently the application
doesn't support creating new grades via the MVC Controller.
We only have it on the backend service.
What we'll do
is we'll add support to the MVC Controller
and we'll apply TDD to add support for this functionality.
All right, so let's swing into our IDE
and let's zoom in here
and I'll add this new test for creating grades.
And this first test will be for creating a valid grade.
The first thing I want to do
is assert that the student ID of one exists.
And then I like to get the student information
for that student ID.
I'll make use of my student service
but notice here that student service is red
we need to inject that service into our test.
So let me scroll up here for a second
and I'll inject the student and grade service.
All righty, that coding looks good.
Now, if we move back down
that should take care of that one error.
All right. So we're good there.
And now what I'd like to do
is retrieve the grades for this student.
I like to retrieve the math grade
and sure that we only have one grade at the moment.
Next, I'll perform an HTTP request.
I'll make a post/grades
and I'll send over three parameters.
I'll send over the grade, the grade type and the student ID.
All righty, this code looks pretty good
for sending over the post.
Next I'll retrieve the model and view
and then I'll go through and assert the view name.
Make sure that the view name is student information.
And then I'll retrieve the student information again
using the student ID of one.
And at this point we should have two grades for math.
So I'll make use of this assert here.
Assert equals two student.get grades, get math results.size.
And this will let us know that,
hey, we did add a new grade
because we started off with just one grade.
We went through the process of adding a grade
or creating a grade, and now we should have two grades.
And gimme one second here,
I'll fix this issue here with perform.
We have an unhandled exception.
We'll simply just add the exception to the method signature.
Excellent. So this coding here looks pretty good.
Now let's go ahead and run this test.
And as a heads up, right, this is a failing test.
It's going to fail.
And we see that it fails here with 404
and that's because we haven't implemented
the post method yet
but no worries right?
Failing test first,
in the next video
we'll go ahead and write the code to make this test pass.
We'll go from red to green.
Alrighty, I'll see you in the next video, yo yo.